---
layout: post
title: "On the Go and Around the Web"
microblog: false
date: 2013-02-05 07:35 +0300
guid: http://desparoz.micro.blog/2013/02/05/on-the-go.html
---
<p>I've been giving a bit of thought to my writing, my photography, the structure of this blog and what I want to focus on going forward.</p>
<p>As I see it, this blog has three aspects to it:</p>
<ol>
<li>Articles on things that interest me, such as technology, productivity, the customer experience, scuba, photography, etc (which I call <em>Des Paroz On The Go</em>)</li>
<li>A venue to share some of my selected images (<em>Photos of the Day</em>)</li>
<li>A link blog (<em>Around the Web</em>) which is where I share a selection of links to sites, posts or images that I think you'll find interesting</li>
</ol>
<p>I've already shared some thoughts on my <a href="/blog/2013/01/28/around-the-web-my-link-blog">link blog</a>, for which I've decided that I am going to narrow down to a maximum of 3-5 links per day, each with some commentary from me. </p>
<p>In order to increase "focus" on the main page, I've gone one step further, and have decided to move the link blog to a separate site (on the Scriptogr.am platform) which I <a href="/blog/2013/01/24/setting-up-a-scriptogr-am-blog">setup recently</a>. This linkblog is called <a href="http://static.squarespace.com/static/50125136c4aa13a9a2853087/51552f40e4b0868e8c0e37e6/51552f7ce4b0868e8c0e3dad/1364537212412/#img"><em>Around the Web with Des Paroz</em></a>, and can be found at <a href="http://static.squarespace.com/static/50125136c4aa13a9a2853087/51552f40e4b0868e8c0e37e6/51552f7ce4b0868e8c0e3dad/1364537212412/#img">around.desparoz.com</a>.</p>
<p>The most recent three posts on <em>Around the Web</em> will be shown in a sidebar here on <em>Des Paroz On The Go</em>, so they can be easily seen, but where they're out of the way of the main posts. There are no comments on the linkblog - the idea is to visit the target site and for you to interact at that source, if you want to.</p>
<p><a href="http://static.squarespace.com/static/50125136c4aa13a9a2853087/51552f40e4b0868e8c0e37e6/51552f7ce4b0868e8c0e3dad/1364537212412/#img"><em>Des Paroz On The Go</em></a> will remain here on a Wordpress blog, and will have the main posts by me. I am going to focus my posts on 3 topics - personal productivity, presentations and photography. Of course, the enabling technologies of these will feature significantly. The URL will remain <a href="http://static.squarespace.com/static/50125136c4aa13a9a2853087/51552f40e4b0868e8c0e37e6/51552f7ce4b0868e8c0e3dad/1364537212412/#img">desparoz.com</a>.</p>
<p>Of course each site will have its own web feed (RSS), but there will be one aggregated feed, which will continue to be <a href="http://feeds.feedburner.com/desparoz/">feeds.feedburner.com/desparoz/</a>. If you're already subscribed to that feed, you'll receive all posts from both blogs. </p>
<p>I'm going to keep other topics on their own sites - diving related material will be at <a href="http://static.squarespace.com/static/50125136c4aa13a9a2853087/51552f40e4b0868e8c0e37e6/51552f7ce4b0868e8c0e3dad/1364537212412/#img">DivingIDC</a>, and general martials arts writing will be at <a href="http://static.squarespace.com/static/50125136c4aa13a9a2853087/51552f40e4b0868e8c0e37e6/51552f7ce4b0868e8c0e3dad/1364537212412/#img">Applied Karate</a>.</p>
<p>So, I look forward to greater focus on productivty, presentations and photography on this site, with the other sites supporting that focus.</p>
<p>Let me know how you think this will work in the comments.</p>
